for me, success means that I am enjoying what I'm doing. So I would consider
myself to be very successful. I really like my job. I really
like the elements of my life. That air, not job related. Um, I know
that people like to define success, maybe through financial terms or
recognition. Um, and there was a time in my life when that is how I
define success as well. Um, you know, I definitely financially feel
that I am well equipped to meet the challenges and needs of my life.
So that does give me a certain amount of peace to know that you know,
I'm okay. My family is OK. We have enough. And we we can do what
we want to dio, for the most part. I mean, we're not crazy and doing
irrational things, but, you know, for our needs are needs are met
pretty much financially, and so that definitely makes me feel peaceful.
Um, but I think really success for me is just did I enjoy the time
that I have been given to be alive, And, yes, I am very much enjoying
my time here. And so I think that's success